More updates to readthedocs (#545)
SuperDARN/rst: docs/references/general/iqdat.md

<!--
(C) copyright 2020 VT SuperDARN, Virginia Polytechnic Institute & State University
author: Kevin Sterne

Modifications:
    2022-11-28 Emma Bland (UNIS) Updated file format description
-->

# IQDat files

IQDat files are a level-zero type data product that reflect the ADC voltages sampled at the radar site.

## Naming Convention

The community standard for naming IQDAT files is:

> YYYYMMDD.HH.mm.ss.<3-letter radar code>.[a-d].iqdat

> The field [a-d] is used to separate data sampled at different frequencies into separate files. This field may not be used if all the available data are provided in a single file.

Reviewer: This may be an oversimplification - the various `[a-d]` channel identifiers do not always indicate that different frequencies were used (ie it could be different beams or even control programs).

Author: ```suggestion
The field [a-d] is used when the data have been separated into multiple files based on a particular operating parameter (e.g. frequency, beam pattern, control program). This field may not be used if all the available data are provided in a single file.
```
